---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Monday, June 3, 2024

Unfortunately, lost some time today as well in light of a faculty meeting with my home institution. I intend to make up Friday's and today's lost time over the course of this week, and potentially the weekend.

My progress today is as follows:

- Organize my thoughts on the digital fingerprinting paper
- Email Prof. Patil my thoughts on the digital fingerprinting paper
- Begin reading and taking notes on the next paper in the list that was referred to me
  - Interview-based study on "made-up" email addresses

## Tuesday, June 4, 2024

My contributions for today:

- Finish reading and taking notes on the made-up email paper
- Read and notate the cybersecurity learning capstone paper
- Read and notate the paper on Tor Browser usability
- Prepare for meeting with PhD student on email analysis
- Meet with PhD student about email analysis
- Prepare some minimal slides to present my thoughts on the papers I've read during tomorrow's lab meeting

## Wednesday, June 5, 2024

Sick today :(. No progress.

## Thursday, June 6, 2024

Sick today :(. No progress.

## Friday, June 7, 2024

Pretty boring day, still recovering from sickness. Progress:

- Finished paper reviews
  - Read papers
  - Took notes
  - Emailed / met with authors to discuss thoughts

## Week 2 Summary

Super slow week. I did not at all catch up how I expected to -- there is always next week! Anyway, now that I've got my training, orientation, and initial reading out of the way, it should be a productive summer!