---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## Monday, June 10, 2024

Light day today, slowed down by some items I needed to take care of in order to be properly enrolled in my Ph.D. program.

I did the following:

- Examine reviews provided for conference submissions for some of the lab's papers
- Brainstorm points for improvement
- Email Sameer with thoughts on CAPTCHA paper

## Tuesday, June 11, 2024

Mostly brainstorming today. Still working out what exactly I want to do for the summer, although it's seeming like I will probably work on the large-scale phishing analysis.

My progress today:

- Toy with email samples
- Convert emails to .txt format for further inspection
- Thorough brainstorm to identify potential research questions
- Creation of slide deck to present at the lab meeting tomorrow

## Wednesday, June 12, 2024

Very productive day today! Unfortunately, it turns out that my project idea may not be set in stone. I ended up finding some interesting tools that may significantly simplify the process of parsing our emails; if they are applicable, I will continue working on the phishing analysis. If I am unable to find a worthwhile system, I will transition to the CAPTCHA work Sameer has suggested given that I don't want to spend the entire summer coding up a silly parsing tool.

My contributions for the day:

- Meet (briefly) with Sameer about my project ideas/status
- Attend the weekly lab meeting
  - Present my ideas on the phishing analysis
  - Get feedback on current plan of action
  - Share presentation with colleague
- Lit search (multifaceted)
  - To understand the state of the art
  - To identify an existing candidate system to parse emails & consequently facilitate scalable analysis

## Week 3 Summary

We'll see when it's over! :)