---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Monday, June 24, 2024

Fully committed to taking a new route today. The way I see it, the worst case scenario is that I end up picking the phishing analysis back up. Hopefully I'll be able to find a more fulfilling alternative.

Took quite a bit of time to curate my paper list today -- brainstorming is hard work.

- Create list of papers that have interesting topics related to usable s&p
  - Start creating taxonomy of topics based on papers
- Come up with concrete reasons not to do CAPTCHA study
- Brainstorm other project ideas
  - Motivating questions creation
  - Think of topics related to my community
  - Start coming up with concrete questions related to passkey usability

## Tuesday, June 25, 2024

Spent today skimming through the paper list that I created. I have some neat ideas on passkey usability -- though it will be hard to get a sample and create a study design given the relative novelty of the mechanism.

## Wednesday, June 26, 2024

A few meetings today, and I can confidently say that we are zeroing on a topic idea.

Progress:

- Lab meeting
- 1-on-1 with Sameer
  - 2FA usability study with IUB log data
- Read reference material
  - UIUC + UCB paper on 2FA log analysis

## Thursday, June 27, 2024

Had some furniture come in to the apartment that needed quite a bit of setup, so not so much done today.

Progress:

- Finish UIUC/UCB paper + notes

## Friday, June 28, 2024

Fun CTF today shaved a bit of time off the end of my work sesh. Should be ready to start brainstorming specific project avenues on Monday!

Progress:

- Read most of IUB paper + notes

## Summary

This week was quite a literature intensive week. I'm psyched to dive into some actual analysis next week and conclude my project brainstorming efforts :D
