---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## Monday, July 15, 2024

Today was quite productive. I was able to create some useful abstractions for processing the failure sequences that I had managed to systematically detect on Thursday.

Progress:

- Implement failure sequence analysis
    - Define Python dataclass to contain the result from processing a single failure sequence
    - Decompose higher level detection and handling function
- Configure LSP for python
    - Pyright
    - Pandas stubs
## Tuesday, July 16, 2024

Great day today! As I feared, I needed to dedicate extra time to environment config after encountering some unexpected patterns in the data (likely due to a bug).

- Attempt to review peer's survey on MFA
    - Unable due to access issue
- Configure pyright to work for this project
    - Suppress unnecessary "error" messages
    - Explicitly provide pandas-stubs path
- Organize code
    - Move unused/reference code to separate file
    - Create testing section in main for single log file (facilitates efficiency)
- Configure debugging and testing for python
    - nvim-dap-python
    - neotest
    - venv-selector
    [!NOTE]
    - "Poor man's" print debugging was not effective enough
- Debugged fail analysis function
    - False positive fail sequences detected
## Week 8 Summary

I fell behind on recording daily progress! :( However, we will make do. For this, and all remaining weeks in the program, my updates will consist only of a weekly summary.

This week, I realized that my setup was lacking in tooling necessary to both conduct my analysis and write up my report. Accordingly, I configured necessary support for debugging in python, LaTeX development/compilation/previewing, and other extraneous features that improve my DX. While I am already quite behind on my project, it is still a bit frustrating to take care of all of this, slowing me down further. All of that said, I'm ready to start on my report next week and continue my analysis :D
