---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## Week 10 Summary

As expected, my work on the actual analysis was limited due to the time it took to write up the report. If you're reading this as a potential student in the program, make sure to start writing your paper as soon as you have an idea figured out! Writing is an iterative process. Unfortunately, despite my having this knowledge, I put it off in lieu of other tasks.

In terms of the report, it is entirely finished. I would have liked to conduct a more extensive literature search, but I believe that I included all of the key works and thus conveyed all of the major context to this research. It also would have been nice to include a background or limitations section, but since I did so little, it would probably just result in clutter. I did write up a decent introduction and evaulation given what little I actually found as part of my exploratory research.

Here is what little I recorded for the actual analysis in my progress log:

- Debugged processing function
    - Improper object instantiation caused...
        - Shared `FailSeqResult` to be used across processing instances
        - String representation to be incorrect
- Implemented basic high-level analysis on all failure sequences
    - Record longest, shortest fail sequence

All and all, I'm happy I got this experience with large-scale data analysis and would like to continue working with it in the future. Thanks to all who made this DREU possible and good luck to all future participants!
